NGF: F5 WAF for NGINX Integration docs (#1904)
nginx/documentation: content/ngf/waf-integration/policy-sources.md

    logSource:
      defaultProfile: log_illegal
EOF
```

Replace `https://nim.example.com` with your NIM base URL, and `ngfBlocking` with your compiled policy name.

{{< call-out "tip" >}} To pin a specific policy version, use `policyUID` instead of `policyName`. Find the UID in the NIM console or API. A pinned UID always resolves to the same compiled bundle, so polling should be disabled to avoid unnecessary network requests. {{< /call-out >}}

### Apply a route-level override (optional)

To apply a different policy to a specific route — for example, a data-guard policy — create a route-level `WAFPolicy`:

```yaml
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: gateway.nginx.org/v1alpha1
kind: WAFPolicy
metadata:
  name: route-protection-http
spec:
  type: NIM
  targetRefs:
  - group: gateway.networking.k8s.io
    kind: HTTPRoute
    name: customers
  policySource:
    nimSource:
      url: https://nim.example.com
      policyName: ngfDataguard
    auth:
      secretRef:
        name: nim-credentials
  securityLogs:
  - destination:
      type: syslog
      syslog:
        server: syslog-svc.default.svc.cluster.local:514
    logSource:
      defaultProfile: log_illegal
EOF
```

> This policy overrides the gateway-level policy for the `customers` route only. The `tea` route continues to use the gateway-level `ngfBlocking` policy.

Reviewer: I don't see the `tea` route in this doc at all. We're assuming that users will have gone through the Getting Started guide first, but some may just come straight here to figure out how to set things up for NIM or N1C.

Maybe we keep it a bit more vague, say something like "any other routes attached to the gateway use the gateway policy".

2. Create a Secret with your NIM credentials.
3. Create a `WAFPolicy` referencing the compiled policy by name.

### Create the credentials Secret

NIM supports HTTP Basic Auth (username and password) or Bearer Token authentication. NGINX Gateway Fabric infers the authentication method from the keys present in the Secret:

```yaml
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: nim-credentials
type: Opaque
stringData:
  username: "<NIM_USERNAME>"
  password: "<NIM_PASSWORD>"
EOF
```

To use a Bearer Token instead, create the Secret with a `token` key:

```yaml
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: nim-credentials
type: Opaque
data:
  token: <BASE64_ENCODED_TOKEN>
EOF
```

### Create a gateway-level WAFPolicy

The following `WAFPolicy` targets the Gateway and protects all attached routes:

```yaml
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: gateway.nginx.org/v1alpha1
kind: WAFPolicy
metadata:
  name: gateway-base-protection
spec:
  type: NIM
  targetRefs:
  - group: gateway.networking.k8s.io
    kind: Gateway
    name: gateway
  policySource:

>     nimSource:

Reviewer 2: Worth mentioning insecureSkipVerify: true here. Not recommended for prod, but it's self-signed by default so users could get stuck.

### Apply a route-level override (optional)

To apply a different policy to a specific route — for example, a data-guard policy — create a route-level `WAFPolicy`:

```yaml
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: gateway.nginx.org/v1alpha1
kind: WAFPolicy
metadata:
  name: route-protection-http
spec:
  type: NIM
  targetRefs:
  - group: gateway.networking.k8s.io
    kind: HTTPRoute
    name: customers
  policySource:
    nimSource:
      url: https://nim.example.com
      policyName: ngfDataguard
    auth:
      secretRef:
        name: nim-credentials
  securityLogs:
  - destination:
      type: syslog
      syslog:
        server: syslog-svc.default.svc.cluster.local:514
    logSource:
      defaultProfile: log_illegal
EOF
```

This policy overrides the gateway-level policy for the `customers` route only. Any other routes attached to the gateway continue to use the gateway-level `ngfBlocking` policy.

---

> ## F5 NGINX One Console (N1C)

Reviewer 3: why is NGINX One Console being abbreviated as N1C in this section outside of the config examples?

https://github.com/nginx/documentation/blob/main/documentation/style-guide.md#:~:text=Never%20use%20acronyms%20instead%20of%20the%20full%20product%20names.

{{< call-out "tip" >}} To pin a specific policy version, set `policyVersionID`. A pinned version always resolves to the same compiled bundle, so polling should be disabled to avoid unnecessary network requests. If you use only `policyName` or `policyObjectID` without a version pin, the latest compiled bundle is fetched on each reconciliation or poll cycle. {{< /call-out >}}

---

## HTTP/HTTPS server

Use this option when you compile WAF policies using the F5 WAF compiler CLI or a CI/CD pipeline and host the resulting bundle on an HTTP/HTTPS server. For details on using the compiler, see [Build and use the compiler tool]({{< ref "/waf/configure/compiler.md" >}}).

For a complete walkthrough including policy compilation and a bundle server deployment, see [Get started with F5 WAF for NGINX]({{< ref "/ngf/waf-integration/get-started.md" >}}).

For production environments, you would typically host compiled bundles on an HTTPS server with authentication. See [Configure WAF settings]({{< ref "/ngf/waf-integration/configuration.md" >}}) for details on adding credentials, custom CA certificates, and checksum verification to your `policySource`.

---

## Management console visibility

> When using NIM or N1C as your policy source, be aware that neither management console currently displays WAF policy deployments to NGINX Gateway Fabric, nor does it show which compiled bundle versions NGINX Gateway Fabric has fetched.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When using NGINX Instance Manager or NGINX One Console as your policy source, be aware that neither management console currently displays WAF policy deployments to NGINX Gateway Fabric, nor does it show which compiled bundle versions NGINX Gateway Fabric has fetched.
```

Please review and update all shortened product names in this PR.
